What is HTTP?
    HTTP stands for Hyper Text Transfer Protocol.
    Helps in web client and web server communication.
    With the help of HTTP request send to the server and the response send to the user.

Evolution of HTTP;
    1) HTTP     (1991)
    2) HTTP/1.0 (1996)
    3) HTTP/1.1 (1997) 
    4) HTTP/2   (2015)

What is TCP?
      TCP stands for Transmission Control Protocol.
      IP address is a essential thing for connecting to internet.
      Data goes to the server as a packet and come from the server as packets.
      The packets are controlled by TCP.
      TCP will make the transmission process active.

Difference between HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2:
HTTP/1.1;
        1)In HTTP/1.1 the TCP connection will happen for every request and response.
          It will consume more time.
        
        2)It is not in binary Protocol.
          Stealing of data can be done easily.
        
        3)Sending request by client only.     

HTTP/2;        
        1)Request multiplexing is there in HTTP/2
          Multiple HTTP request can be done in one TCP connection.
          The data landing will be faster.
          compression using Hpack compression techqunic and being transmitted to the network.
        
        2)It is a binary Protocol.
          Very easy to parse the incomming request.
          Can't be used by humans easily.
          Effective network utilization.
       
        3)Client and and server can sent request.
          It gives additional information which is not in the request.
          Client can accept or deny or disable the additional information.



2.Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript
Objects, in JavaScript, is it’s most important data-type and forms the building blocks for modern JavaScript. These objects are quite different from JavaScript’s primitive data-types(Number, String, Boolean, null, undefined and symbol) in the sense that while these primitive data-types all store a single value each (depending on their types).
Objects are more complex and each object may contain any combination of these primitive data-types as well as reference data-types.
An object, is a reference data type. Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a reference or a pointer to that value. That reference or pointer points to the location in memory where the object is stored. The variables don’t actually store the value.
Loosely speaking, objects in JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of related data, of primitive or reference types, in the form of “key: value” pairs. These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, respectively, in the context of an object.


